aahpns.lua:  waterline          = 15,
armacsub.lua:  waterline          = 30,
armasy.lua:  waterline          = 6,
armatl.lua:  waterline          = 50,
armesy.lua:  waterline          = 65,
armfatf.lua:  waterline          = 9,
armfdrag.lua:  waterline          = 22,
armfflak.lua:  waterline          = 4,
armfhlt.lua:  waterline          = 8,
armfhp.lua:  waterline          = 7,
armflosh.lua:  waterline          = 2,
armfmine3.lua:  waterline          = 0,
armfmkr.lua:  waterline          = 3,
armfrad.lua:  waterline          = 5,
armfrt.lua:  waterline          = 0.3,
armhcar.lua:  waterline          = 30,
armhevsenan.lua:  waterline          = 7,
armplat.lua:  waterline          = 40,
armrecl.lua:  waterline          = 30,
armsubk.lua:  waterline          = 30,
armsub.lua:  waterline          = 30,
armsy.lua:  waterline          = 0,
armthovr.lua:  waterline          = 30,
armtide.lua:  waterline          = 7,
armtl.lua:  waterline          = 12,
armtrmph.lua:  waterline          = 7,
armtrmph.lua~:  waterline          = 10,
armuwfus1.lua:  waterline          = 20,
aseadragon.lua:  waterline          = 8,
cahpns.lua:  waterline          = 10,
coracsub.lua:  waterline          = 30,
corasship.lua:  waterline          = 6,
corasy.lua:  waterline          = 32,
coratl.lua:  waterline          = 30,
corblackhy.lua:  waterline          = 5,
corenaa.lua:  waterline          = 0.3,
coresy.lua:  waterline          = 65,
corfatf.lua:  waterline          = 8,
corfdrag.lua:  waterline          = 10,
corfhlt.lua:  waterline          = 8,
corfhp.lua:  waterline          = 5,
corflshd.lua:  waterline          = 0,
corfmine3.lua:  waterline          = 0,
corfmkr.lua:  waterline          = 21,
corfrad.lua:  waterline          = 9,
corfrt.lua:  waterline          = 9,
corhcar.lua:  waterline          = 30,
corhevsenan.lua:  waterline          = 1,
corplat.lua:  waterline          = 23,
correcl.lua:  waterline          = 30,
corshark.lua:  waterline          = 30,
corssub.lua:  waterline          = 30,
corsub.lua:  waterline          = 30,
corsy.lua:  waterline          = 28,
corthovr.lua:  waterline          = 30,
cortide.lua:  waterline          = 13,
cortl.lua:  waterline          = 13,
cortyrnt.lua:  waterline          = 30,
crnns.lua:  waterline          = 10,
tawf009.lua:  waterline          = 30,
tllacs.lua:  waterline          = 2,
tllacsub.lua:  waterline          = 30,
tllambassador.lua:  waterline          = 6,
tllamphibot.lua:  waterline          = 30,
tllamphibot.lua~:  waterline          = 30,
tllaspns.lua:  waterline          = 13,
tllasship.lua:  waterline          = 6,
tllasy.lua:  waterline          = 22,
tllatorp.lua:  waterline          = 11,
tllbats2.lua:  waterline          = 9,
tllboat2.lua:  waterline          = 6,
tllcs.lua:  waterline          = 4,
tllcsub.lua:  waterline          = 30,
tlldcsta.lua:  waterline          = 11,
tlldtns.lua:  waterline          = 11,
tllequalizer.lua:  waterline          = 30,
tllgiant.lua:  waterline          = 7,
tllhevsenan.lua:  waterline          = 7,
tllhpns.lua:  waterline          = 9,
tlllmtns.lua:  waterline          = 3,
tllmanta.lua:  waterline          = 30,
tllmixer.lua:  waterline          = 4,
tllnssam.lua:  waterline          = 5,
tllorc.lua:  waterline          = 30,
tllotter.lua:  waterline          = 5,
tllplat.lua:  waterline          = 37,
tllplunger.lua:  waterline          = 40,
tllshark.lua:  waterline          = 30,
tllsolarns.lua:  waterline          = 8,
tllsonar.lua:  waterline          = 11,
tllsquid.lua:  waterline          = 30,
tllsubpen.lua:  waterline          = 55,
tllsy.lua:  waterline          = 22,
tlltide.lua:  waterline          = 12,
tlltorp.lua:  waterline          = 6,
tllviking.lua:  waterline          = 8,
tllviolator.lua:  waterline          = 8,
tllvisitor.lua:  waterline          = 6,
tllwhale.lua:  waterline          = 30,
tllwmconv.lua:  waterline          = 5,
uppercut.lua:  waterline          = 30,
